SB-132
###
a. Order the words to make the questions

1.Should I tell her how I feel?
2.How long have you known your best friend?
3.Could you tell me when the next train leaves?
4.Who does the housework in your family?
5.What are you thinking about?
6.What don`t you like doing on the weekend?
7.What kind of music does Jane like listening to?
8.Do you know what time the movie ends?
9.How many students came to class yesterday?
10.Do you remember where is the restaurant?


b. Compleate the questions with the words in parentheses. - complete

1.How often do you usually do yoga?
2.Who wrote The Great Getsby?
3.Could you tell me how much this book costs?
4.I can`t remember where I parked my car this morning.
5.Did you enjoy your trip to Paris lasr weekend?
6.What kind of work your sister does? does your sister do?
7.Who ate the last cookie?
8.Do you know what time the swimming pool opens on Saturday?
9.Did your sister not like the present you gave here? didn't
10.Do you have to play your music so loud? I can`t concentrate.
###


WB-[4-7]
###
Grammar
a.
1. 
2.+
3.Where do you usually go on vacation?
4.+
5.What happened at the meeting yesterday?
6.Who is Jack is going out with? That was correct
7.How long have you been learning English?
8.+
9.Can you tell me where the bathroom is?
10.Who are you waiting for?

b.
1.
2.Could you tell me where the elevator is?
3.I can`t remember where we park the car. parked
4.Do you know if there any tickets are lest for the concert tonight? left
5.Can you tell me what time the game starts? 
6.Can you remember when Anna`s birthday is?

c.
1.
2.Who cooks in your family?
3.How long did you spend in Brasil last summer?
4.Do you know who is going to the party tonight?
5.Do you remember where I left my keys?
6.What makes you angry?
7.Why drank the milk I left in the refregerator? Who
8.How long it takes to get to Boston from here? does it take


Pronunciation
a.
1.
2.Which college did you go to?
3.Have you ever worked in an office?
4.what are your ambitions for the future?
5.Wohld you like to work abroad? Would
6.How many languages do you speak?


Listening
b.
criticizing past employers (but really a little bit and very carefully) You should complete each paragraph with a title

c.
1.Stephen Bridges went to the interview by the subway and his feet. on foot/he walked
2.He wants a temporary job because he’s moving across the countrv in three months. 
3.Stephen has a degree in Modern Languahes. languages
4.He worked in a Fiesta hotel for three month (during the last summer). a month
5.He can speak Spanish, Franch and a little Italian languages. French - three
6.Most of the Asian guests come from Japan.
7.In his previous job, Stephen didn’t have to make a phone reservations.
8.Stephen thinks he has the fight skills for the job. right (Why fight?:) He didn't have to beat anybody)
